um
thousands gathered in the bay area last
night to honor the victims of the 2014
attacks
monarch be held accountable to locate
and track godzilla who hasn't been seen
in over five years
she was sleeping like a baby until an
hour ago and then boom my radiation
levels went through the roof
incredible activating containment grace
[Music]
only that emma and madison were the only
ones taking the orca
uh that's why we think they don't
replicate the bio sonar the titans used
to communicate i know what the hell it
is i helped build a prototype
emma always said no one knew the old car
better than you
it shouldn't even exist it's to create
the orca's signal
baseline frequency that all the
creatures respond to
how many of these things are there 17.
alan jonah
a former british army colonel turned
eco-terrorist
obsessed with restoring the matter
it allows us to track him even to get
his vitals
he's looking for something out there it
could be the orca
monster zoo it may have been a rival
outfit to go through
it's a hollow earth that's how he moves
around so fast using these underwater
tunnels
emma madison let's go
run
what are you waiting for wake it up
[Music]
so
[Applause]
i'm saving the world but by releasing
those things that doesn't make sense
after we lost andrew i
swore his death would not be in vain
humans have been the dominant species
for thousands of years and look what's
happening pollution
war we are the infection
they are part of the earth's natural
defense system
a way to protect the planet our planet
will perish
unless we restore balance san francisco
las vegas wherever the titans go life
follows
using the orca we will return to a
natural order
you came to me this is your plan
[Music]
local legends call it rodent
the fighting
we've lost the squadron eta to monster
zero thirty seconds
an oxygen destroyer designed to
exterminate all life forms within a
two-mile radius
[Music]
can you locate
i thought we were going to release them
live the gradually
i said we were doing this for andrew
it tells of a great dragon who fell from
the stars
a hydro a false king an invasive species
kidora the one who is many
all under attack on every continent the
titans are triggering earthquakes
wildfires tsunamis they're hunting and
this gador is the new alpha and all all
the other creatures are just doing his
bidding
we killed our best shot at beating this
thing
i could use the stadium to amplify a
signal that might stop these attacks
[Music]
symbiotic relationships between two
different species
aren't all that uncommon we could help
them they want to bring godzilla back
from the dead
[Music]
oh my
the source of the radiation that's why
he returned here
he's feeding this process could take
years
we have to proceed as black our weapon
systems were damaged during the crash
we can't launch i don't know
[Music]
the creatures going from destructive to
docile within minutes
my notes
are you sure
[Music]
sarah
oh my god
[Music]
i already lost one child i'm not losing
another
[Music]
as those radiation levels are going
through the roof we got about 12 minutes
before it goes thermonuclear what do you
think
[Music]
well she's not there
come on
you sure about this it's the only way to
save them we fix it get on the osprey
and draw that thing away from godzilla
that's it that's it
emma let's go come on
long live
we'll take it
[Music]